hey it's odd 996 and welcome to the
twenty seventh episode the Spanish
campaign chronicles in this episode we
take a bold step in the destruction of
our enemies and we're going to march our
spanish army based in madrid to try to
attack Lisbon the reason I decided to
strike right now is because of how far
south the main Portuguese army is I'm
hoping that I'll be able to beat them to
listen and they'll try to go to Madrid
and I'll be able to destroy conquer
Lisbon before they get to Madrid it's
kind of a gamble but um it should work
unless something terrible happens
because I'm a turn ahead of them it'll
take them two turns to reach Madrid and
one more time for me to reach Lisbon
I don't know why Russia stern is taking
so long but um all right there we go
so the Moroccans are going to march up
from southern Liberia to attack Madrid
but I'd kind of plan for this because um
well I was just kind of ready we have a
lot of armed citizenry that are going to
help me and two regiments of the militia
I left behind the militia will play a
very key part in this battle but
although the slider bar is pointing
towards them um really like a lot of
their forces cavalry so unless they
capture a gate their cavalry is going to
be pretty useless so I'm push I'm
positioning the militia along both sides
and we're basically gonna fill in
everything else with armed citizenry
we're just um putting them all the way
around the walls so that there's no spot
undefended and all the cannons are
basically going to be in operation so
we'll be at full defensive power and
we're going to make this pain for the
Moroccans to try to take because this is
where my whole war strategy it depends
on a victory depending Madrid we lose
Madrid I don't know I might even lose
the campaign but it's not gonna happen
least I hope not
and we've got one more regiment and when
I just fit them into that gap we'll go
ahead and put everyone on guard mode and
will end the deployment and you can go
over and see the army they have a lot of
militia type units and cavalry and they
have one regiment of it's like Barbary
pirates or something and that's kind of
what I'm worried about that is what
could beat me in a combat on the wall
the militia will lose because they're
going to be all demoralized by the guns
firing at them in the cannons but the
Pirates might be able to fight their way
up put their swords and then just hack
down my armed citizenry so that could
suck but we're gonna hope for the best
here there's only one regiment of them
and hopefully most of them will be
killed before they can even reach the
walls
so my men are beginning to move towards
the cannons no one's gonna I guess
father to get the ones on that corner
but anyway oh we killed their general
that was lucky that was like um and like
Joseph B Stalin attacked and they just
destroyed the general in the first shot
it's basically how lucky this was
but anyway they're trying to walk around
and that's good for me because the
further they walk the more they'll die
so I really have no problem with them
walking all the way around to the back
but here they're going to see my
weakness they're gonna start climbing up
in this corner but sending over some men
to help defend that corner and we'll get
it under control
it's happening on the other side too
we've got this they're not really
sending anyone to the front so we can
afford to take men away from their
positions there and send them to where
they are more needed already the enemy
regiment is wavering not gonna route
probably pretty soon um so anyway I'm
watching one of their regiments that is
has moved to the back and gonna move my
men there again protect where I think
they're gonna solve my walls this
regiment is beginning to waver it's been
in melee combat with the militia militia
are actually putting up a good fight
against them the motion are actually
kind of going to be the heroes for this
battle even though they're just they're
not really even good units they're not
regular soldiers even they're just but
against this moroccan army they're going
to seem really good and they're actually
going to be sort of heroes of this
battle I guess if that's
the term that would describe them